New Blogpost, Author Profile Update, Experimental Content Intellisense (#8)
withstudiocms/studiocms.dev: src/content/blog/new-domain-new-discord-same-project.md

---
title: New Domain, new Discord, same Project!
description: .xyz is out, .dev is the new black.
publishDate: 2024-11-27
ogVariant: winter
author: louis-escher
---

Hey all!

Although it's been a while since we last talked, I can assure you that work on StudioCMS has been moving forward. We've been making good progress on 
`beta.8` and hope to release it towards the end of 2024, although that's more of a guess than a prediction.

You've read the title (or so I hope), so what am I on about here?

Well, you've no doubt seen that we have been [sponsored by Turso](https://studiocms.dev/blog/turso-sponsorship), which were and still are incredibly 

> grateful for. However, it's made us realize that we've outgrown Astrolicious, the community organization who's been helping us nurture our little project. 

Reviewer: I probably wouldn't phrase it as we've outgrown them. I'd change this to something more like

`However, we're trying to improve our experience as much as possible for both new users, and contributors to the project. At this point we feel we can move away from Astrolicious and go it alone to have full control over our own ecosystem!`

---
title: New Domain, new Discord, same Project!
description: .xyz is out, .dev is the new black.
publishDate: 2024-11-27
ogVariant: winter
author: louis-escher
---

Hey all!

Although it's been a while since we last talked, I can assure you that work on StudioCMS has been moving forward. We've been making good progress on 
`beta.8` and hope to release it towards the end of 2024, although that's more of a guess than a prediction.

You've read the title (or so I hope), so what am I on about here?

Well, you've no doubt seen that we have been [sponsored by Turso](https://studiocms.dev/blog/turso-sponsorship), which were and still are incredibly 
grateful for. However, we're trying to improve our experience as much as possible for both new users and contributors to the project. At this point 

> we feel we can move away from Astrolicious , the community organization who's been helping us nurture our little project, and go in alone to have full 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
we feel we can move away from Astrolicious, the community organization who's been helping us nurture our little project, and go in alone to have full 
```

control over our own ecosystem! After talking to [Florian](https://github.com/florian-lefebvre) and [Alex](https://github.com/alexanderniebuhr), 
we've come to the conclusion that it's time for a fresh coat of new paint. Therefore, I introduce to you:

> ## The new StudioCMS Discord Server

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## The new StudioCMS Discord server
```

Author: As this is a heading, according to the Chicago Manual of Style "Server" can have a capital S here, I'd prefer to leave it that way

That's right, we've escaped the confines of our single channel on Astrolicious' Server and made ourselves [a new home](https://chat.studiocms.dev). This 
will be the place for you to chat and receive news about StudioCMS from now on! *Don't worry, the blog isn't going anywhere ;)*

> Moving to the new Discord Server has already allowed us to do some pretty cool things. For example, yours truly has been hard at work at our new Open 
> Source Discord Bot, [Apollo](https://github.com/withstudiocms/apollo)! If you're on the Astro Discord, you'll know what they're good at. PTAL notifications, 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Moving to the new Discord server has already allowed us to do some pretty cool things. For example, yours truly has been hard at work at our new open 
source Discord bot, [Apollo](https://github.com/withstudiocms/apollo)! If you're on the Astro Discord, you'll know what they're good at. PTAL notifications, 
```

moderation tools (soon™️), support forum utilities, it's all there.

> You can even use this Bot in your own Servers! All you need is a GitHub App, Discord App, and a libSQL database connection, for which we obviously use 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can even use this Bot in your own servers! All you need is a GitHub app, Discord app, and a libSQL database connection, for which we obviously use 
```

> and highly recommend [Turso](https://turso.tech/). You can take a look at the [README file](https://github.com/withstudiocms/apollo?tab=readme-ov-file#apollo) 

Reviewer 2: Do we want the affiliate link here?

Author: Good point, yes we do!

to learn more.

But if you really **did** read the title (or clicked one of the links in this article), you might've also noticed another thing. Thus, it is with great 
pleasure that I announce... *Drumroll please...* 🥁

> ## The new StudioCMS GitHub Org

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## The new StudioCMS GitHub organization
```

Author: Same thing as earlier, Chicago Manual of Style. If anything I'd do "Organization"

> That's right, along with the Discord Server we've also got [our own GitHub Organization](https://github.com/withstudiocms) now! 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Along with the Discord server we now have [our own GitHub Organization](https://github.com/withstudiocms)! 
```

Similar to the Discord, we've felt that only having access to the repository without any organization-management options was holding us back a tiny bit, 

> so here's to [github.com/withstudiocms](https://github.com/withstudiocms).

Reviewer 2: Not needed. Take it or leave it!
```suggestion
so here's to [github.com/withstudiocms](https://github.com/withstudiocms) 🍻.
```

Reviewer 3: 100% needed

Author: +1 @JusticeMatthew

> This new Org allows us to have better team management, de-clutter our Monorepo and iterate faster on any changes we want to implement. It's small things, 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This new organization allows us to have better team management, de-clutter our monorepo and iterate faster on any changes we want to implement. It's small things, 
```

really - for example, our website now has its own repository. It's not much, but it's definitely better than having to navigate an entire monorepo to update a blog post. 
*Speaking from experience here.*

Okay, we've got one last change. Take a look at your browser's address bar. Do you see that? Yeah, that's right. **I introduce to you:**

## studiocms.dev

> That's right, I just realized I said "That's right" below every heading. Terribly sorry for that.
> 
> In other news, we've moved to a new domain! `studiocms.dev` is going to be our new home starting from now on. According to ChatGPT, it's supposed to give us a 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To wrap things up, we've moved to a new domain! [studiocms.dev](https://studiocms.dev/) will be our new home from now on. According to ChatGPT, it's supposed to give us a 
```

Author: Unsure on this one, I like the joke about me accidentally using the same two words below every heading. Willing to do
```md
That's right, I just realized I said "That's right" below every heading. Terribly sorry for that.

To wrap things up, we've moved to a new domain! [studiocms.dev](https://studiocms.dev/) will be our new home from now on. According to ChatGPT, it's supposed to give us a ...
```

Reviewer 2: Nope, all good if you want to keep it! Need to undo part of one of my other suggestions first though

"more professional look", however I just think it sounds nicer. Who uses .xyz domains anyway, .dev is the new black.

We want to thank Astrolicious again for giving our small project a kickstart back when it was still in its infancy. None of this would have been possible without 
them. We're going to keep chatting along in both the Astro and Astrolicious servers, and hope you'll join us on our [new Discord Server](https://chat.studiocms.dev). 

We've got some exciting stuff coming up, and we're going to be in touch soon about the coveted `beta.8` that's been haunting mine and Adam's dreams.

Thanks and until next time, <br />

> **Louis and the StudioCMS Team**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Louis and the StudioCMS team**
```

Author: I refer to the above, Chicago Manual of Style
